docs: first set of eCHO video links added (#20480)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/k8s-install-openshift-okd.rst

.. code-block:: shell-session

   openshift-install destroy cluster --dir="${CLUSTER_NAME}"

> To learn more about OpenShift and Cilium, checkout eBPF & Cilium Office Hours `episode 31: OpenShift Test Environment with Cilium <https://youtu.be/4jwIBS5IzYg?t=945>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about OpenShift and Cilium, check out `eCHO episode 31: OpenShift Test Environment with Cilium <https://youtu.be/4jwIBS5IzYg?t=945>`__.
```
This would be more consistent with how the other links have been added

Author: True, thank you.

Author: ![Screenshot 2022-07-14 at 12 07 20](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42554056/178969194-53512711-e8b8-43eb-952d-fbbfd58122fc.png)

I left this format in the Talk section of the `bpf.rst` so It would be clear as possible just like other talks listed there. 

Does that work in this case? What do you think?

.. code-block:: shell-session

   openshift-install destroy cluster --dir="${CLUSTER_NAME}"

.. admonition:: Video
  :class: attention

>   To learn more about OpenShift and Cilium, check out `eCHO episode 31: OpenShift Test Environment with Cilium <https://youtu.be/4jwIBS5IzYg?t=945>`__.

Reviewer 2: Please use the full youtube.com URL for consistency with the other links.

Author: Implemented the fix. Thank you.
